This document gives you a very quick start guide to the field monitor. It assumes that you don't want to change anything, and just want to 
set up the system and let it run. For the prototype of one base station and one logger, this will work with no problems, as they are all set
up with default code and values (assuming nobody else has changed anything!). The system will log every 30 minutes by default.

The Pi should already be attached to the controller, and the controller should already be attached to the PowerBoost. There should be four
wires plugged in to the Pi - red, grey, orange and yellow. The blue board next to the Moteino is a clock - it should have a 3V battery in
the battery holder. You will need a 3.7V Lithium Ion battery pack, which should be with the rest of the system, but not plugged in yet.

For the logger, the battery pack should already be already connected, but turned off with the switch. You need to connect the photodiodes 
to the terminal blocks on the board. They are marked with + and - so that you know which way around to plug them in (the positive leg of 
the photodiode is the one closest to the little tab). The photodiodes will be read from in order, from 1 to 8, and this is how their 
readings will appear in the CSV file.

If any of these assumptions aren't true, refer to the documentation.

SETUP
You need to connect the solar charger to the PowerBoost. There are two green screw terminals on the PowerBoost. If you look underneath, 
you'll see that one is above the pin labelled "Bat" and one is above the pin labelled "5V". The leads coming from the solar charger need
to go into the "Bat" connector, and the leads going to the controller/Raspberry Pi need to go into the "5V" connector. The negatives are 
marked with black.

Plug the blue Lithium Ion battery pack to the connector on the solar charger marked BATT. Plug in the solar panels to the DC barrell jack.
You should see the red power LED on the solar charger come on, and either the orange charge LED or the green charged LED. The green LED on
the PowerBoost will also turn on. If the panels aren't getting much light, the LED's might be flashing. Turn on the slide switch to provide
power to the controller and Pi. It's important to turn on the controller BEFORE turning on the logger.

Turn on the logger with the slide switch. You shouldn't see any activity - it's very low power, so the LED won't come on unless there is a 
problem. If you're not sure if it's on, check the voltag between the VIN and GND pins with a multimeter - you should see 4.5-5V.



